Assignment_4
============

Modification of a basic strategy game with the use of pygame. 

Things to do for part A of the assignment:
Add at least one method (more if necessary) in the new unit class, this is in addition to __init__. It hsould implement some functionality that is unique to your new unit type.
Overload at least one method (in addition to __init__) from BaseUnit in at least one of your specific units.
All units and methods should be testable by simply playing the game.
Generally, your additions should be different form the current units in some fundamental way (not just a copy/paste + new picture).

Added units list:
============

**IMMOBILE UNIT**
======
No movement.
Non-traditional handling of action movements.
Larger range.

Sub-units:
**FACTORY**
=======
Generates a FOOTMAN every day, at the beginning of their turn.
Has no personal attack.
High resistances. Will be destroyed by anti-armor easily, but smaller units will have difficulty trying to destroy it.
Infinite resources, in terms of fuel. Does not use fuel system.
Placed defensively.

**FOOTMEN**
=======
Generated by the factory.
Design methodology basede on a jeep - in which it is fast, but extremely weak.
Much weaker than traditional jeep, in terms of resistances. However, posesses ability to move across any terrain without issue.
Low movement, can go through anything (except for water) with no impairment.

**TURRET**
=======
Immobile unit.
Standard unit. High range, high attack.
Low defenses, weak to counterattack if left alone. 
Provides a 'defense' structure to the game.

Use reference sprite from Advance Wars.

New method:
Actions completed at end of day iteration. For the factory, the new day provides a new footman, provided that there are no units that have not yet been moved. 

Overload a method:
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10202938/how-do-i-use-method-overloading-in-python
Overload method will eventually rise with new day system.

References:
Used sprite sheets from www.spriters-resource.com
Used footman moving sound from www.freesound.com
